Before starting the game:
-------------------------
The following entities should be present -
1. Acquire board  - 12*9 size with rows 1 - 12 and columns A - I each cell named as 1A, 10I etc.
2. Tiles matching the names on the cells of the board.
3. Seven colors to represent 7 different hotels.
4. Money to buy the stocks for the hotels
5. 1-6 players to play the game.

At the start of the game:
-------------------------
The board should be empty (all the cells unmarked).
Each player should have the following - 
1. 6 Tiles(hidden from other players)
2. $6000(money to buy hotel shares)
3. A variable to detect his turn (boolean variable which could be false initially)

Choose the order in which players play the game - It could be based on some strategy as in players ranked in the order of closeness 
to 1A when placing the 1st tile or in a pre-decided order.

Game Flow:
----------
When the game starts each player places on a tile on matching cell on the board and the game starts.
At each turn player would have three actions that can be performed - 
 1. Purchase a stock
 2. Throw a dead tile - (in case player has all 6 unplayable tiles)
 3. End the turn

During the play: 
----------------
When a player places a tile - 
 1. If the tile is adjacent(horizontal or vertical) to a single marked cell then he can pick a hotel from the existing 7 hotels.
    If the seven hotels already exist on the board then adjacent tile move is Invalid.
 2. If the placed tile is adjacent to the existing hotel then it adds to that hotel.
 3. If the tile joins two hotels then there would be a merger. The strongest of the two hotels would be active and
    the other hotel gets into the available hotels pool. Here if there is a tie the current active player can make a choice
    as to which hotel should be active. 
    While merging the hotel all the stock holders of the dissolving hotel should be given the following options -
    a. To trade the stock
    b. To sell the stock
    c. To keep the stock
    They can choose one, two or all of the options.
  4. A hotel can't be merged if its a safe corporation - a corporation with 11 or more tiles.

During the merger:
------------------
 1. The players with the most and second most stockholders are the majority and the minority stockholders who get 
    majority and minority stock bonuses as below -
    a. Maintain a majority and minority bonus amounts chart.
    b. If only 1 person owns the shares in the defunct corporation that person gets both the bonuses.
    c. If there is a tie for majority stockholder, add both bonuses and divide evenly(minority stockholder gets no bonus)
    d. If there is a tie for minority stockholder, split the minority bonus among the tied members.
 2. Stockholders in the surviving corporation get no bonus but their stock price grows higher as the hotel grows.
 
Multiple mergers:
-----------------
  It is possible that one tile merges more than two hotels. The larger corporation survives.
  Any ties would be broken by merge maker.
  The bonuses as catered to stockholders for each defunct corporation - larger to smaller
  
Buying Stocks:
--------------
 1. After placing the tile the player may buy the stock in any active corporation (25 stocks max for each corp.).
 2. He can buy upto 3 stocks in one corp. or 2 in one corp and 1 in the other or all three in different corporations or 
    less than 3 in any combinations or not buy at all.
 3. Stock price depends on name of the corporation and number of tiles(maintain a chart with the rates).
 
Drawing a tile:
---------------
 1. Each time a player plays a tile, he draws a tile from the remaining tiles.
 2. In each turn, the player can discard any deadtiles(ones that merge two safe corporations).
 3. Tiles that form 8th corporation can't be traded in.
 
Ending the game:
----------------
 1. The game ends when - 
 	a. one player during his turn claims all active corps are safe or that 1 corp has 41 tiles.
 	b. A player doesn't have to end the game if he feels there is advantage in continuing playing.
 	c. When all the tiles are done the game ends automatically
 2. Majority and minority shareholders' bonuses are given out and all the stocks in active corporations are sold to the stock bank.
 
 One with the maximum money wins :) :)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

 
 
 
   